---
title: Python 1
layout: post
author: jude.westcott
permalink: /python-1/
source-id: 1E7r36HttaKvS4EquF01wDxvIo14q-MQaSIlsy1wGFaY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Some people had used scratch before and some people had never used it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have begun my code bank and to have added a new blog on my page.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes because I now have started a code bank for scratch.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found it really useful to think logically, there is a reason for everything that happens, if it is wrong it is because you have made a mistake. Everything matters even one semicolon could break the code. It is also good to get into good habits such as using brackets for a print statement.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to improve on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I should of analysed the instructions more carefully as all the information you need is there, you just need to look properly at it is saying. Also if I'm really stuck the I can you use the hint tool, it doesn’t give you the answer, it just gives you another useful piece of information.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to get used to the basic functions, if. Know them well enough I won’t even have to think before they using them. Also just thinking logically will help me progress further in python.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


